README.md, before:

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)
  - [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
    - [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
    - [Key Features](#key-features)
  - [🚀 Live Demo](#live-demo)
- [💻 Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Install](#install)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Run tests](#run-tests)
  - [Deployment](#triangular_flag_on_post-deployment)
- [👥 Authors](#authors)
- [🔭 Future Features](#future-features)
- [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)
- [⭐️ Show your support](#support)
- [🙏 Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [📝 License](#license)


# 📖 [Safari Retreat] <a name="about-project"></a>


**Safari Retreat** is a responsive web design of a safari retreat in Nairobi Kenya in January 2022

## 🛠 Built With <a name="HTML"></a>

### 🖥️ Tech Stack <a name="CSS"></a>

- HTML
- CSS
- JAVASCRIPT

<details>
  <summary>Client</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://reactjs.org/">React.js</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

<details>
  <summary>Server</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://expressjs.com/">Express.js</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

<details>
<summary>Database</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://www.postgresql.org/">PostgreSQL</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>


### Key Features <a name="Mobile Version of Portfolio"></a>

- **Project tiles**
- **Interactive icons**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


## 🚀 Live Demo <a name="live-demo"></a>


- [Live Demo Link](https://coderacheal.github.io/Safari-Retreat/)


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.

### Prerequisites

In order to run this project you need:

Go to this repsitory.
Click on Code
Clone the repository using your https link
This will give you access to all files



### Setup

Clone this repository to your desired folder:

  cd my-folder
  
  git clone https://github.com/coderacheal/Portfolio.git 

Once done, open the index.html file in live server


### Install

Install this project with:

A web browser and a stable internet

### Usage

To run the project, execute the following command:

- Right click on the index.html file and open with live server

### Run tests

To run tests, run the following command:

npx stylelint "**/*.{css,scss}" in your terminal


### Deployment

You can deploy this project using:

A web browser

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>



## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>



👤 **Racheal Appiah-kubi**

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/coderacheal)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/linkedinhandle)


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>



## 🔭 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>

- **An homepage with featured speakers loaded using javascript**
- **An about page**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>



## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>



## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>



- If you like this project follow my github. 
- Give me star
- Say hi on twitter

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>



## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>


I would like to thank Web Bos for his tutorials on flexbox

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>




## Design Credit

Original design idea by Cindy Shin in Behance.



## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.

_NOTE: we recommend using the [MIT license](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/) - you can set it up quickly by [using templates available on GitHub](https://docs.github.com/en/communities/setting-up-your-project-for-healthy-contributions/adding-a-license-to-a-repository). You can also use [any other license](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/) if you wish._

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

Commit message:

Update read me file to include loon video

README.md, after:

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)
  - [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
    - [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
    - [Key Features](#key-features)
  - [🚀 Live Demo](#live-demo)
- [💻 Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Install](#install)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Run tests](#run-tests)
  - [Deployment](#triangular_flag_on_post-deployment)
- [👥 Authors](#authors)
- [🔭 Future Features](#future-features)
- [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)
- [⭐️ Show your support](#support)
- [🙏 Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [🙏 Technical Dodumentaion](#technical-documentation)
- [📝 License](#license)


# 📖 [Safari Retreat] <a name="about-project"></a>


**Safari Retreat** is a responsive web design of a safari retreat in Nairobi Kenya in January 2022

## 🛠 Built With <a name="HTML"></a>

### 🖥️ Tech Stack <a name="CSS"></a>

- HTML
- CSS
- JAVASCRIPT

<details>
  <summary>Client</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://reactjs.org/">React.js</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

<details>
  <summary>Server</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://expressjs.com/">Express.js</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

<details>
<summary>Database</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://www.postgresql.org/">PostgreSQL</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>


### Key Features <a name="Mobile Version of Portfolio"></a>

- **TWebsite has an interactive logo that takes you to the home page.**
- **Has two pages on both the moblie and desktop version.**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


## 🚀 Live Demo <a name="live-demo"></a>


- [Live Demo Link](https://coderacheal.github.io/Safari-Retreat/)


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.

### Prerequisites

In order to run this project you need:

Go to this repsitory.
Click on Code
Clone the repository using your https link
This will give you access to all files



### Setup

Clone this repository to your desired folder:

  cd my-folder
  
  git clone https://github.com/coderacheal/Portfolio.git 

Once done, open the index.html file in live server


### Install

Install this project with:

A web browser and a stable internet

### Usage

To run the project, execute the following command:

- Right click on the index.html file and open with live server

### Run tests

To run tests, run the following command:

npx stylelint "**/*.{css,scss}" in your terminal


### Deployment

You can deploy this project using:

A web browser

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>



## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>



👤 **Racheal Appiah-kubi**

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/coderacheal)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/linkedinhandle)


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>



## 🔭 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>

- **An homepage with featured speakers loaded using javascript**
- **An about page**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>



## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>



## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>



- If you like this project follow my github. 
- Give me star
- Say hi on twitter

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>



## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

Design Credit

Original design idea by [Cindy Shin in Behance](https://www.behance.net/adagio07)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>



## Technical Documentation <a name="technical-documentation"></a>

Watch Loom video [here](https://www.loom.com/share/f56d5b1cc0fe4ae79ff354ae8e5d9d53)

p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.

_NOTE: we recommend using the [MIT license](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/) - you can set it up quickly by [using templates available on GitHub](https://docs.github.com/en/communities/setting-up-your-project-for-healthy-contributions/adding-a-license-to-a-repository). You can also use [any other license](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/) if you wish._

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>
